These are the three things for the two practices of any teaching or the secret Dhanthara teachings.
Empowerment, transmission, and instructions or pith instructions. Those are the three are very,
very important.
And so what I did to him was I did the empowerment. We went through all that.
Now I give the transmission. Transmission means I'm going to read this.
Also, I give empowerment, not just I started that empowerment, but I received that empowerment.
I practiced that as much as I can, and then I offered you in with that.
There are persons of the life, persons of the beginning, they need a master, and as much as can
build up my good heart.
And I offer that empowerment.
Now I give the transmission. I also not just I'm reading this because I want,
because I received this as my last mission.
It's also not I received from my teaching, but the received is a long-lost lineage in teachings.
Empowerment, last mission, that's what the authenticity of the teaching, well-preserved with those
skills and techniques.
And also it's kept the blessings, and not spoiled by the intellectual attitude, this and that
thought,
this experiment, it isn't that thing. It really kept, as I used the word, distilled waters.
That started from the Buddha Shakyamilyam.
That purified and removed the thirsting of the sentient those beings who were connected,
and fulfilled their need and goal, and that continually started, and until now.
And now we try to keep that lineage, that light, that chain,
the golden chain, in teaching you stainless golden chain.
We try to keep up that. So I give this last mission.
Then also I give some instructions during those empowerment,
but I go into more details tomorrow of this particular cycle, the short cycle in which we have that
.
Now I'm going to give, and this is last mission, and whenever you know, few of you don't know,
I'm just going to read this. Please, as I received this last mission,
and that is not just only that, it turns out to be the Buddha, as they did.
So it's like, in a way, even though it's now my voice,
but it's the continuing voice of those Buddhas, and God of God of God.
That I will read in a way, which is not the bottom of the record,
and let us play you to that. In a way, that is kind of the idea.